Now we need to write the function that
reads in the CSV file, and we're done.
We're going to import another library OS.
This library deals with
the operating system,
you'll see how that plays
a role in just a moment.
Scroll down and look at load function,
notice that it's relatively small.
In fact, most of these functions that
we've been writing are very small.
That's one of the values of breaking
the program up into little functions,
you only have to write small
manageable functions to put it all
together to do a much bigger job.
First, we're going to check to
see if the CSV file is there.
This method of the OS library,
OS.access will check and look for
a file called MyPhones.csv in
the current Directory, and
if it returns os.F_OK then it's there.
If it's there, then we can open it.
We can read in the rows
using csv.reader and
we can append each row onto our
phones list, then we close it.
That is, if it's there, if it's not there,
we don't need to load it.
One of the thing to point out here,
let's go back up to the beginning.
Since we're going to read the phones and
we can eliminate our phone's list
that had two entries in it already and we
can make this phone's list an empty list.
Let's see where it is
it's actually called.
In the main loop, the first thing
we do is load the fund list and
the last thing we do is
save the fund list, so
that we save it when we exit,
we read it in fresh when we enter.
So that it's always either saved
on disc or loaded in the program.
Now let's run our program,
and see the whole thing work.
Show, there's Jerry Seinfeld,
and Cosmo Kramer that we
saved when we tested our
previous version of the program.
You can
add new log.
[SOUND]
And
there is there.
But, you can hit it.
Let's say that item 2, Cosmo Kramer 2.
We'll press return and keep the name,
we will change the phone.
There's the phone is changed.
We can show that the phone
is actually changed.
Cosmo Kramer's phone now is 8789.
We can delete 1, delete Cosmo Kramer.
Sure that he's deleted now,
and then we quit.
Now, let's run the program again.
And when we run the program,
the same file should be right in and
there's what we have,
George Seinfeld and George Costanza,
we don't have Cosmo Kramer anymore.
That's our program.